HstWB Image Setup Readme
------------------------

HstWB Image Setup is a set of scripts to automatically prepare files for self
install and install UAE and FS-UAE config files.

Files for self install files are prepared by detecting and installing Workbench
3.1 adf or Kickstart rom files from Cloanto Amiga Forever media mounted or files
installed on computer. 

UAE and FS-UAE config files are installed by patching directories to where the 
directory the image is located and install WinUAE and FS-UAE config files in
WinUAE and FS-UAE's default installation directory.

The scripts are written in both Powershell and Python for cross platform support
of Windows, macOS and Linux and it comes with extra files so they can easily be run
directly from Windows Explorer, macOS Finder and Ubuntu Files.

---

Install UAE Config will patch and install WinUAE and FS-UAE config files. Patching
updates hard drive directories to current directory, changes Kickstart rom file and
adds adf files as swappable floppies for FS-UAE only. Install copies patched
WinUAE and FS-UAE config files to default configuration directory for WinUAE and
FS-UAE. For Windows install copies Workbench 3.1 adf files and Kickstart rom files
from Cloanto Amiga Forever, if it's installed. 

When hard drive directories are patched to use current directory, Install UAE Config
will create following sub-directories, if they exist in WinUAE or FS-UAE config files:
- Workbench: Directory with Workbench adf files.
- Kickstart: Directory with Kickstart rom files.
- OS39: Directory with Amiga OS 3.9 iso and boing bag 1 & 2 files.
- UserPackages: Directory with user packages.

Kickstart rom file is patched to use Amiga 1200 Kickstart 3.1 rom, if it exists in
Kickstart directory.

For FS-UAE config file, .adf files in Workbench directory are added as swappable
floppies.


Install WinUAE and FS-UAE config files for Windows 7+
-----------------------------------------------------

Prerequisites:
- WinUAE and FS-UAE installed and started once to create default configuration 
  directories.

Install WinUAE and FS-UAE config files for Windows 7+ with the following steps:
1. Double-click "install_uae_config.cmd" in Windows Explorer or run
   "install_uae_config.ps1" from Powershell to patch and install WinUAE and FS-UAE
   config files.
   Workbench 3.1 adf files and Kickstart rom files are automatically copied from
   Cloanto Amiga Forever, if it's installed.
2. If Amiga Forever is not installed, copy Workbench 3.1 adf files to Workbench
   directory, Kickstart rom files to Kickstart directory. Copy Amiga OS 3.9 iso
   (must be named "amigaos3.9.iso") and boing bag 1 & 2 to OS39 directory, if
   installing Amiga OS 3.9.
3. WinUAE and FS-UAE now has a hstwb-installer configuration ready to use.


Install FS-UAE config file for Mac OS X
---------------------------------------

Prerequisites:
- FS-UAE installed and started once to create default configuration 
  directories.

Install FS-UAE config file for Mac OS X with the following steps:
1. Copy Workbench 3.1 adf files to Workbench directory, Kickstart rom files to
   Kickstart directory and copy Amiga OS 3.9 iso (must be named "amigaos3.9.iso")
   and boing bag 1 & 2 to OS39 directory, if installing Amiga OS 3.9.
2. Double-click "install_uae_config.command" in Finder or run "install_uae_config.sh"
   in Terminal to patch and install FS-UAE config file with updated Kickstart and
   OS39 directories. 
3. Press CTRL+Q to close terminal window with Install UAE Config output.
4. FS-UAE now has a hstwb-installer configuration ready to use.


Install FS-UAE config file for Linux
------------------------------------

Prerequisites:
- FS-UAE installed and started once to create default configuration 
  directories.

Install FS-UAE config file for Linux with the following steps:
1. Copy Workbench 3.1 adf files to Workbench directory, Kickstart rom files to
   Kickstart directory and copy Amiga OS 3.9 iso (must be named "amigaos3.9.iso")
   and boing bag 1 & 2 to OS39 directory, if installing Amiga OS 3.9.
2. Run "install_uae_config.sh" from shell or terminal to patch and install
   FS-UAE config file. For Ubuntu, double-click "install_uae_config.desktop" in Files.
3. FS-UAE now has a hstwb-installer configuration ready to use.